
Some Methods : 
str.chars() : return Intstream +  Unicode of characters .Eg A - 66
boxed() : Convert primitive to wrapper Object .
What is Atomic Obj : 

Some Very Basic Questions Java 8 : 
1.Given a list of integers, find out all the numbers starting with 1 using Stream functions?
2.How to find duplicate elements in a given integers list in java using Stream functions?
3.Given a list of integers, find the maximum value element present in it using Stream functions? Also find 2nd largest number ? 
4. Find the 3 min and max elements from the List ? 
5. Sort the List of String in increasing order of their length ? 
6.Given a String, find the first non-repeated character in it using Stream functions?
7.Given a String, find the first repeated character in it using Stream functions?
8.Given a list of integers, sort all the values present in it in descending order using Stream functions?
9.How to use map to convert object into Uppercase in Java 8?
10.How to convert a List of objects into a Map by considering duplicated keys and store them in sorted order?
Keep Department as key.
Ex : List<Employee> employees = Arrays.asList( new Employee(1, "John", "IT"),  new Employee(2, "Alice", "HR"),  new Employee(3, "Bob", "IT"),
                                new Employee(4, "David", "HR"),  new Employee(5, "Sam", "Finance"));  
11.How to count each element/word from the String ArrayList in Java8?
12.How to find only duplicate elements with its count from the String ArrayList in Java8?
13.How to check if list is empty in Java 8 using Optional, if not null iterate through the list and print the object?
14.Java 8 programme to find te prime number in range 1-100 ? 
15.Given the list of Strings , find the String with max length ?  (Eg :Arrays.asList("Alice", "Bob", "Charlie", "David");)
16.Merge two unsorted array in single sorted array without duplicates using java 8 ?
17. Reverse an Integer Array ? 
18. Check String is palindorm or not java 8 ? 
19. Remove Duplicate from the  list of Integer? 
20. Commom Element bet  the two array ? 
21. Reverse  Each word of String ? 



General Conceptual Questions Java 8  : 

1.Write a Java 8 program to find the intersection of two arrays.
2.Implement a method in Java 8 to find the nth Fibonacci number using streams.
3.Create a program to find the kth largest element in an array using Java 8 streams. (Eg: 2nd largest ,3rd largest)
4.Write a Java 8 program to implement a binary search algorithm.
5.Develop a program to reverse a string using Java 8 streams.
6.Implement a method in Java 8 to generate a list of prime numbers up to a given limit.
7.Create a program to check if a given number is a perfect square using Java 8 streams.
8.Write a Java 8 program to rotate an array by a given number of positions.
9.Implement a method to find the longest substring without repeating characters in a given string using Java 8 streams.
10.Develop a program to perform matrix multiplication using Java 8 streams.
11.Sort the array in descending and Ascending order  using Comparator in Java 8 streams (In List,TreeSet,TreeMap) .
12. Make child Thread and Parent Thread using Anonymous Inner Class and Lambda Expression .
13.You have a Table having Columns Transaction type having Credit and Debit only , and Amount . Create Single Query to find the total  Sum of  Credit and Debit ? 
14. Sort the map based on value .

Questions on Predicate : 

1.Write a Java 8 program to check if a given string is a palindrome using predicates.
2.Implement a Java 8 program to find all prime numbers in a given range using predicates.
3.Create a Java 8 program to filter a list of strings based on a given predicate condition (e.g., string length greater than 5).
4.Write a Java 8 program to check if a given number is even or odd using predicates.
5.Implement a Java 8 program to filter a list of integers to find all numbers divisible by 3 using predicates.
6.Create a Java 8 program to check if a given string contains only digits using predicates.
7.Write a Java 8 program to filter a list of strings to find all strings starting with a vowel using predicates.
8.Implement a Java 8 program to find the average of all even numbers in a list using predicates.
9.Create a Java 8 program to check if a given list of integers is sorted in non-decreasing(Ascending Order) order using predicates.
10.Write a Java 8 program to filter a list of strings to find all strings containing a specific substring using predicates.

Level:2
1.Implement a Java 8 program to find the longest substring in a given string that contains only vowels, using predicates.
2.Write a Java 8 program to check if a given list of strings forms a valid palindrome when concatenated together, using predicates.
3.Create a Java 8 program to find the second smallest element in a given list of integers using predicates.
4.Implement a Java 8 program to find all anagrams of a given word in a list of strings, using predicates.
5.Write a Java 8 program to find the longest increasing subsequence in a given list of integers, using predicates.


Questions on Consumer : 

1. Filter and Process: Given a list of strings, write a program to filter out strings starting with the letter 'A' and then print the remaining strings in uppercase.
2.Custom Consumer: Implement a Consumer that takes a list of integers and prints the square of each integer.
3.Chain Consumers: Create a chain of consumers where each consumer adds a specific string prefix to a list of strings. For example, the first consumer adds "Prefix1" to each string, the second consumer adds "Prefix2", and so on.
4.Conditional Consumer: Write a program to accept a list of integers and print "Even" if the number is even and "Odd" if it's odd, using a single consumer.
5.Consumer Composition: Given a list of strings, write a program that applies two consumers in sequence: the first one converts each string to uppercase, and the second one appends "Processed" to each string.
6.Parallel Processing: Implement a program that uses parallel streams to apply a consumer to each element of a large list of integers. Ensure thread safety in your implementation.
7.Consumer with Exception Handling: Write a program where a consumer is applied to each element of a list of integers. If any element is negative, throw a custom exception and handle it gracefully.
8.Consumer with Resource Management: Implement a program that reads lines from a file using a BufferedReader and applies a consumer to each line. Ensure proper resource management and exception handling.
9.Nested Consumers: Create a program that applies a consumer to each element of a list of integers. Within the consumer, apply another consumer to print the square of each element.
10.Consumer with State: Write a program where a consumer is applied to a list of strings. The consumer should keep track of the longest string encountered so far and print it after processing all elements.


Questions on Functions : 

Level 1 : 
1.Write a Java 8 function that takes a list of integers and returns the sum of the squares of all even numbers in the list.
2.Implement a function that takes a list of strings and returns a new list containing the lengths of those strings.
3.Create a function that accepts a list of integers and returns the average of all the prime numbers in the list.
4.Write a function that takes a list of strings and returns the count of distinct characters across all strings.
5.Implement a function that accepts two lists of integers and returns a new list containing the intersection of the two lists (i.e., the common elements).
6.Create a function that takes a list of strings and returns a map where the keys are the lengths of the strings, and the values are lists of strings of that length.
7.Write a function that takes a list of integers and returns a list containing only the elements that are greater than the average of all the elements in the list.
8.Implement a function that accepts a list of integers and returns true if the list is in ascending order, false otherwise.
9.Create a function that takes a list of strings and returns a new list containing only the strings that are palindromes.
10.Write a function that takes a list of integers and returns the product of all the elements in the list that are divisible by 3.

Level 2 : 
1.Implement a function that takes a list of integers and returns a map where the keys are the integers and the values are lists of integers representing the indices at which each key occurs in the original list.
2.Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns the longest palindrome present in the list.
3.Create a function that takes a list of integers and returns a new list containing the Fibonacci sequence up to the maximum integer in the input list.
4.Implement a function that takes a list of strings and returns a map where the keys are the first characters of the strings (converted to uppercase) and the values are lists of strings starting with that character.
5.Write a function that accepts a list of integers and returns a list containing the prime factors of each integer in the input list.
6.Create a function that takes a list of strings and returns a new list containing the strings sorted by the number of vowels they contain.
7.Implement a function that takes a list of integers and returns the nth smallest element in the list.
8.Write a function that accepts a list of strings and returns a map where the keys are the strings sorted alphabetically and the values are lists of strings that are anagrams of each other.
9.Create a function that takes a list of integers and returns a list containing the indices of the two elements that sum up to a specific target.
10.Implement a function that takes a list of strings and returns true if all the strings contain at least one digit, false otherwise.


Questions on Supplier  : 

Level 1 :
1.Write a Supplier that returns a random integer between 1 and 100.
2.Implement a Supplier that returns "Even" if the current time is an even number of seconds since midnight, and "Odd" otherwise.
3.Explain the concept of Supplier memoization and provide an example of how it can be implemented.
4.How would you ensure thread safety when using a Supplier in a multi-threaded environment? Provide strategies or techniques to achieve this.

Level 2 : 
1.Supplier Composition: Write a method that takes two suppliers as input and returns a new supplier which returns the result of applying the first supplier to the result of applying the second supplier.
2.Supplier Chain: Implement a method that takes an array of suppliers as input and returns a supplier which executes each supplier in the array sequentially and returns the result of the last one.
3.Supplier Transformation: Create a method that takes a supplier and a function as input and returns a new supplier which applies the function to the result of the original supplier.
4.Supplier Filtering: Write a method that takes a supplier and a predicate as input and returns a new supplier that repeatedly calls the original supplier until the result satisfies the predicate.
5.Supplier Caching: Implement a caching mechanism for suppliers where the result of the supplier is cached after the first call and subsequent calls return the cached result.
6.Supplier Retry: Create a method that takes a supplier and a maximum retry count as input and returns a new supplier that repeatedly calls the original supplier until it succeeds or the maximum retry count is reached.
7.Supplier Timeout: Write a method that takes a supplier and a timeout duration as input and returns a new supplier that calls the original supplier but throws a TimeoutException if the execution exceeds the specified timeout duration.
8.Supplier Parallelization: Implement a method that takes multiple suppliers as input and returns a new supplier that executes each supplier in parallel and returns a list of results in the same order as the input.
9.Supplier Fan-out: Create a method that takes a supplier returning a collection and a function as input, and returns a new supplier that applies the function to each element of the collection returned by the original supplier and returns a collection of results.
10.Supplier Monitoring: Write a method that takes a supplier and a monitoring function as input and returns a new supplier that calls the original supplier and then applies the monitoring function to the result before returning it.



